fix the option READ_RESTART_BY_FACE (#2119)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - `READ_RESTART_BY_FACE` has been fixed and now can read restarts from full CS grids as well as restarts that have been separate by face via `WRITE_RESTART_BY_FACE`.    The current implementation requires that both `num_readers` and `num_writers` must be multiple of 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `READ_RESTART_BY_FACE` has been fixed and now can read restarts from full CS grids as well as restarts that have been separated by face via `WRITE_RESTART_BY_FACE`.    The current implementation requires that both `num_readers` and `num_writers` must be multiple of 6.
```

### Fixed

> - The option READ_RESTART_BY_FACE now can read the grid-based output from WRITE_RESTART_BY_FACE. num_readers or num_writers should be multiple of 6
> 

Reviewer: @weiyuan-jiang I'd like to improve the text here so that we are clear to others that may look at it.    Making my suggestion below, but I could easily have misunderstood, so please verify my wording.
```suggestion
- `READ_RESTART_BY_FACE` has been fixed and now can now read restarts from full CS grids as well as restarts that have been separate by face via `WRITE_RESTART_BY_FACE`.    The current implementation requires that both `num_readers` and `num_writers` must be multiple of 6.
```
